How is Princess Zhang?
Qi deficiency stagnation
If there is a pulse
The internal organs are damaged
Has Princess Chu taken any poison before?
Or seriously injured
Princess
The princess once committed suicide with a hairpin
The wound has not been bandaged
Sentenced again
return
I also took Zijin soup
What's that?
Evil, wrong
What does Master Zhang mean by this sentence?
How is the princess?
If the wound is not healed
He Zijin Soup fish poison is not clear, leaving the root of the disease
There is still the possibility of conditioning recovery
The wound is poisoned
Even an iron body can't stand it
Now that the princess is out of medicine, how long can she live?
You can see thousands
How is that possible?
The princess used to be in good health
How could it be possible to suddenly run out of medicine and food?
Master Zhang, are you wrong?
The body of the prince
It didn't collapse all at once
Forget it, the old man was helpless, so he retired first
Uncle Zhang, forget it, Your Highness
Prince of Enlightenment
The princess can become what she is today
Isn't it all because of you?
Certainly.
Old slaves also have certain responsibilities
If anything happens to the princess
Old slave
The old slave will always go with the princess
What's the noise?
I'm not dead yet.